Tidy task pages within Manage Memory, CPU, and API Resources (#30066)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/manage-resources/cpu-constraint-namespace.md

title: Configure Minimum and Maximum CPU Constraints for a Namespace
content_type: task
weight: 40
description: >-
  Define a range of valid CPU resource limits for a namespace, so that every new Pod

>   in that namespace falls within the range you configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in that namespace falls within the range you configure.
```
Not sure, but consider keeping the sentence present tense.

---

<!-- overview -->

> This page shows how to set minimum and maximum values for the CPU resources used by containers

Reviewer: General comment about capitalization. Not sure why "Pod" is capitalized throughout, but "containers" was changed to lower case here. My inclination would be to not capitalize either, unless one is referring to literal values. But Pod is consistently capitalized here.

Author: We could lowercase pod in some places. When we're talking about things with `kind: Pod`, we usually write it in title case.

Author: https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-upper-camel-case-for-api-objects

Author: There's no specific guidance about whether container is an API object.

  type: Container
```

Now whenever you create a Pod in the constraints-cpu-example namespace (or some other client
of the Kubernetes API creates an equivalent Pod), Kubernetes performs these steps:

> * If any container in that Poddoes not specify its own CPU request and limit, the control plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If any container in that Pod does not specify its own CPU request and limit, the control plane
```
